This is the initial release of C# Flex, the translation of JFlex to C#. It
borrows the JFlex version number of 1.4, but as it has not had extensive
testing, it is classified as a beta test release.

C# Flex has a SourceForge.net project home page at the following URL:

  http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/csflex/

This is the place to go to look for new releases and file bug reports.

Note that I have not tested building C# Flex under mono. I do not know if
mono's build tools support the embedding of resources (as would be accessed
through Assembly.GetManifestResourceStream and the ResXResourceReader class
in the System.Resources namespace). If it does not, then the code cannot be
built under mono, but if it does, it should be possible to build it; the files
"skeleton.default", "skeleton.nested" and "Messages.xml" must be embedded for
C# Flex to run correctly.

I have also not tested running C# Flex under mono. Again, the only issue I can
think of is resources. In fact, I'm not even certain System.Resources is a part
of the ECMA specification; it's possible that it's proprietary, like
System.Windows.Forms. Which is the other issue: The GUI might not work properly
under mono, depending on the completeness of the S.W.F implementation (at the
time of this release, February 15th 2005, probability is pretty low). However,
it should still be able to build, provided that Button, Label, TextBox and
Open/SaveFileDialog are properly stubbed. The command-line interface should
work regardless of whether S.W.F is present :-)

Building and running under Windows with Microsoft's runtime and Visual Studio
.NET should be much more straight-forward: Simply load the included .sln file
and hit "Build". Without Visual Studio .NET, perhaps some alternative build
tool can parse the .csproj file. If not, then compiling by hand will be a pain
in the ass, but doable. There should be no issues with S.W.F and
System.Resources compatibility :-)

Note that this source code distribution contains files generated with this
tool and with C# CUP. These files can be generated with the respective tools.
Also note that this project makes use of C# CUP's runtime. This file is
included in this distribution as it is a requirement for building C# Flex.

Hopefully this tool can be of some use to you in your projects. Good luck!

- Jonathan Gilbert
